#LyX 2.2 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 508
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass book
\use_default_options true
\begin_modules
endnotes
hanging
logicalmkup
theorems-std
\end_modules
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize a4paper
\use_geometry true
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 0
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\leftmargin 1in
\topmargin 1.25in
\rightmargin 1in
\bottommargin 1.25in
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 1
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 2
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title
A Complete Course in Vocabulory and Language Sciences - First Edition Primer
\end_layout

\begin_layout Author
Rajat Kalia
\end_layout

\begin_layout Date
7 December, 2017
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset CommandInset toc
LatexCommand tableofcontents

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Chapter*
Preface
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We will be using English Script while describing vocabulory from a few languages
, English (The European and Christian Language), Hindi (Modernised Version
 of the Language of Magadh Kingdom), Punjabi(Indus Ctivilization Language),
 Sanskrit (Traditional Indian Language under the popular Vedic Civilizations
 like that of Rama and Krishna) etc.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Now the correct meaning of the word is 97% or slightly more , the punjabi
 meaning.
 If we have to use a script for writing, It can be English Script so that
 all scientific terms can be included.
 Then to see grammer in flow in english we'll call it somewhat sanskritized
 English , in it we use a particular grammer first , then later create the
 rules how that work is grammatically appropriate.
 Then to live in India, we should know hindi too.
 More languages like Urdu, Arabic, Spanish, French, German, i'd like to
 learn too in the process and I'd say that the study will be somewhat limiting
 only to 100% without them and not 100% itself.
 Then there are people who know farsi too, I obviously don't want to go
 that far.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Part*
Vocabulary
\end_layout

\begin_layout Chapter
Mathematics Related
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Tri
\end_layout

\begin_layout Paragraph*
Meanings
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
It can mean three , or Gravy, or to use hit-and-trial or work harder, or
 a bigger plant with a thick stem(e.g.
 a Pandori)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Paragraph
Other Related Words
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
tati - 30 ( one tenth of 300 ), excreta(or those who work in this domain,
 maybe studying it.) etc.
 , a textile engineer girl.
 , stammering badly when asking for tea.
 ( Although Sonia Sood (a bakhtawar and my childhood girlfriend) born on
 30th November is an exception, corresponding to 28 May.
 Most shopkeepers celebrated this in 2016 by keeping discounts on 27,28,29
 November , 2016 )
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Jama
\end_layout

\begin_layout Paragraph
Meanings
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Addition, Just born
\end_layout

\begin_layout Paragraph
Derived Meanings
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Jamadar - The person who knows just addition, or is new in the clan.
 Although meant for the low education people, this word is used as a slang
 for the people doing punitive work as cleaners of toilet , floor managers
 etc implying that Punit Duggal was low in Education.
 Similarly Umesh Duggal also did Engineering from a lowly college from reservati
on from his quota for diploma holders and now their sister has gone totally
 unsensitive towards the failed courses and they do not matter any more
 to her even when she probably began the degree in 2012 probably.
 Duggal himself had a job somehow although he didn't look educated.
 Raj, everybody knows , didn't need and didn't care for any education.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Taksim
\end_layout

\begin_layout Paragraph
Meanings
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
High order mathematical operation of Division, The Mobile has an internal
 calculater while we used it for talking more, judgement on educational
 status on the basis of fast calculation of division.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Calculus
\end_layout

\begin_layout Paragraph
Meaning
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Short form for We are Kal's Kul's people.
 or the Devil(it's hindi slang Kal) Group people.
 (Here US is not used but us is used meaning We, although some Punjabi songs
 refer my family as Pakke Amrika wala), means those knowing this type of
 mathematics naturally and keep experimenting coolly with it are Devil's
 children.
 Basically it would be extremely uneconomical for a computer to do one or
 10's of additions, subtractions .
 Or even 30's or so.
 So, it deals with higher order calculations and doesn't choose additive
 mathematics.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Paragraph
Derived Words
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Calculator - Unless you buy a scientific calculator , it cannot do Calculus,
 8th member in the family of Devil, or Neha.
 Calculus is much higher than Calculator in age and the whole family knows
 like newton that there should be some method to find the volume of a sphere
 and naturally comes to it before it is taught in intermediate.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Kallu Mama - Shitiz Bansal ( as opposed to only Mama, S.S.
 Johar, the Maternal Uncle) and he also learned some Diffrentiation , Integratio
n and got admission in IIT.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Jacobian
\end_layout

\begin_layout Paragraph
Meaning
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Matka(With a master's degree) or People doing higher studies than encountered
 by us.
 or Ye Cobi Han .
 Or this is a copy.(or these are Cobras) Although I have already said in
 RN's excerpt in my resume , that it's possible that these extreme knowledge
 tools have some use for God.
 But not for normal humans who can't feel or interpret these tools physically
 as to what they mean.
 But definitly they can be very useful at God's level when whole of the
 knowledge is required for him.
 But there can be pitfalls for us like the Maxwell theory which has been
 classified completely rubbish by me so far as it cannot be verified, but
 it seems later in life I prove it's some part as right, the way they are
 presently given in books is wrong probably.
 Though Maxwell's tools those 4 equations if physically interpretted as
 waves can be very useful in understanding physics, but maybe I'm wrong
 and those equations don't mean anything .
 But I remember something of previous births and probably did some matlab
 work to prove those equations right for my own use.
 But I have already failed the course in IIT, proving that what was taught
 in the course was wrong.
 So, really lots of work pending for me to do in life, proving maxwell's
 equations and interpretting them physically for my own use.
 Probably someone explained the meaning of Maxwell's equations to me from
 my own book in previous births, that's why I was able to fly then and not
 now in this birth.
 But most of the times I flied in Previous births, I had to exit the body
 immediately afterwards in most cases, simply making it more safe to learn
 such a knowledge just before death or when one's term as a being is about
 to end and not before that so that one starts flying and loses his cool
 about the fact that anyone should not fly without proper protection or
 it can be dangerous.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
What's it like in the flight experience?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
One low lying jet of air comes, and you can adjust your hand to ride on
 it, it's similar to swimming except the fact that it's much easier than
 swimming as you don't have to apply any thrust but simply fly with the
 jet's thrust.
 But if the jet somehow ends in mid air, you simply fall without getting
 hurt, but there can be crash landings in case you don't land properly .
 If however some obstacle comes, it's not to be worried of as the jet would
 find another passage and not end in the obstacle, and we are simply riding
 the jet already present in air instead of creating our own jet(the way
 aeroplanes fly).
 The only problem is that you probably need to understand the aerodynamics
 of it using Maxwell's equations and interpret them physically before it
 actually works.
 And believe me , all objects are living, so my underwear would learn from
 seeing me fly and it would be able to fly on itself and can carry a human
 with it later too.
 While some people like amit might say that they already fly as birds, but
 we say it's in a bird's birth not human birth with human unabridged body.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Is your own education complete ? I mean telling your wife to complete her
 education before showing up?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
It's not M.Tech.
 It's limiting case of Masters audited by God probably and you should pass
 it at death only with the honours going on after restart.
 It involves some extreme arts like being able to fly coz u have studied
 it, being able to swim because your feet can touch the bottom of any deep
 reservoir as one ligament is broken , being able to slide down any wall
 coz your wrist bone is broken.
 Amongst these only flying is something to be spoken of highly others are
 merely luck related.
 So, God would be probably a PHD if he is higher than us.
 
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
