#LyX 2.3 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 544
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\use_microtype false
\use_dash_ligatures true
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize b3paper
\use_geometry true
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\use_minted 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\topmargin 1in
\bottommargin 1in
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\is_math_indent 0
\math_numbering_side default
\quotes_style english
\dynamic_quotes 0
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Subsection*

\series bold
Right to Equality 
\series default
(Abstract)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
14.
 The State shall not deny to any person equality before the law or the equal
 protection of the laws within the territory of India.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
15.
 (1) The State shall not discriminate against any citizen on grounds only
 of religion, race, caste, sex, place of birth or any of them.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
(2) No citizen shall, on grounds only of religion, race, caste, sex, place
 of birth or any of them, be subject to any disability, liability, restriction
 or condition with regard to—
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
(a) access to shops, public restaurants, hotels and places of public entertainme
nt; or 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
(b) the use of wells, tanks, bathing ghats, roads and places of public resort
 maintained wholly or partly out of State funds or dedicated to the use
 of the general public.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
(3) Nothing in this article shall prevent the State from making any special
 provision for women and children.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
16.
 (1) There shall be equality of opportunity for all citizens in matters
 relating to employment or appointment to any office under the State.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
(2) No citizen shall, on grounds only of religion, race, caste, sex, descent,
 place of birth, residence or any of them, be ineligible for, or discriminated
 against in respect of, any employment or office under the State.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
(3) Nothing in this article shall prevent Parliament from making any law
 prescribing, in regard to a class or classes of employment or appointment
 to an office 1 [under the Government of, or any local or other authority
 within, a State or Union territory, any requirement as to residence within
 that State or Union territory] prior to such employment or appointment.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
(4) Nothing in this article shall prevent the State from making any provision
 for the reservation of appointments or posts in favour of any backward
 class of citizens which, in the opinion of the State, is not adequately
 represented in the services under the State.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
(5) Nothing in this article shall affect the operation of any law which
 provides that the incumbent of an office in connection with the affairs
 of any religious or denominational institution or any member of the governing
 body thereof shall be a person professing a particular religion or belonging
 to a particular denomination.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
17.
 “Untouchability” is abolished and its practice in any form is forbidden.
 The enforcement of any disability arising out of “Untouchability” shall
 be an offence punishable in accordance with law.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
{ This rule states that no person of lower caste can be discriminated on
 the basis of mere caste.
 i.e.
 If a person is denied a job even after proper qualification and rank just
 due to his being of lower caste is totally against the constitutional provision
s.
 Further he cannot be denied to enter a place of worship or any public place
 just because of his caste strature.
 The practice of 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Untouchability
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 was prevelent since old ages and the high caste society is still not ready
 to accept this provisions by the Indian Constitution and widespread in
 practice till date.
 The 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Kanjar Jaat
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 amongst the Scheduled Castes is still unaware of these provisions due to
 illegalization of Prostitution in modern times and prefers to stay aloof
 from the rest of the Scheduled Caste community.
 While you can still see them in dance shows , they however are highly proactive
 in regard of caste and target other lower castes by claiming to be of higher
 caste themselves and saying derogatory caste statements for lower castes
 from high castes side themselves ( in a way making mockery of the caste
 system and the way they think high castes would have spoken to lower castes,
 had there been no anti-castediscrimination law).
 They say they have been denied of privileges and don't want to know about
 or think about the constitutional mandates moreover because one won't be
 able to see literacy in the dark groves of GP road or a truck dhabha's
 bartan cleaning girl.
 One movie 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Highway
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 is a pictorial description of this social ill, presented in a candid way.
 [[ Thinking from the prostitute's side, one can say that though rampant
 in the past , modern times have made this profession illegal by law.
 Even pornography too is somewhat illegal and a girl having a porn video
 finds it difficult to survive in society due to our cultural values and
 thinking.
 However a prostitute finds it difficult to earn bread , low amenities and
 bad living, it's said that 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Ram's nam
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 can even save a prostitute.
 But it's not due to any bad deeds or bad thinking that one can be dragged
 into this kind of cluches but due to bad luck one can say.
 ]]} One of the short films on Income Tax benifits show that they find it
 benificial.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In the past there was further secrement in lower castes and untouchability
 amongst lower castes was furhter practiced.
 i.e.
 a lower caste might furhter practice untouchability to other lower castes
 he thinks are lower to it.
 }
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
18.
 (1) No title, not being a military or academic distinction, shall be conferred
 by the State.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
{ The word Shaheed is being misread at many places.
 }
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
(2) No citizen of India shall accept any title from any foreign State.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
(3) No person who is not a citizen of India shall, while he holds any office
 of profit or trust under the State, accept without the consent of the President
 any title from any foreign State.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
(4) No person holding any office of profit or trust under the State shall,
 without the consent of the President, accept any present, emolument, or
 office of any kind from or under any foreign State.
 Right to Freedom 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
19.
 (1) All citizens shall have the right— 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
(a) to freedom of speech and expression; 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
{
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
With due respect to this right which has been given to the religious authorities
 like Amritsar Printing Press, which has been publishing Gutkhas contaning
 this endnote mantra 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Pawan Guru Pani 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

 etc shlok by Udham Singh at the end of Japji Sahib Gutkha(printed at amritsar)
 and another version named Sukhmani Sahib which contains the verse 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Brahmgyani aap nirankar
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 .
 Evidently the 10th Guru , Gobind Singh ji clearly stated that such abridged
 versions of Shri Guru Granth Sahib not be circulated and that no dehdhari
 guru be taken as the guru except Guru Granth Sahib.
 So howcome these alter dehdhari guru mantra's which are very much tantric
 in nature found place in Gutkhas published at the deemed Amritsar press
 .
 Near one of my birth at the end of kalyug, I even found a complete new
 alter of Guru Granth Sahib named Met Granth and it had all tantric mantras
 and no pious verses as the Real Japji Sahib.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
My point of conflict here is that Udham Singh is a hero of Amritsar, I might
 be forcefully made to bow before him but he is clearly not my hero.
 I don't recognize much of him in any respect.
 So why is a hero who simply is a hero of Amritsar is being portrayed in
 all religious texts being printed as Gutkha Japji Sahib Versions.
 The international version of Japji Sahib by 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Ranjodh Singh
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 , Coleman/Oxford Press doesn't have that error.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Another such instance is the rescitation of Namaz verse.
 One of my friend earlier gave me 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Bismillah
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 verse.
 He set no islamic traditional condition for resciting the verse.
 Evidently he is one of the best muslim guy i've ever met.
 Now his brother on the other hand gave me the Namaz verse but told that
 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Penis be washed
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 everytime i go to urine.
 He himself says he's a drunkard.
 Then there is a new worker in their shop who too again is a heavy drunkard,
 you can guess the consequences.
 Then mr.
 duggal who is a barber in the nearby to it shop , i was discussing with
 him that I am reading Quran on Internet.
 He started telling that I should shave my genitals.
 Duggal too is a habitual drunkard.
 Then before my beating in Hyderabad I asked for water from a muslim/musalman
 , he gave me water twice but told that I should not touch the glass with
 lips.
 When I returned home after the beating , my nani told that i should instead
 drink with lips as it is our customs.
 So , it is clear that the religion guidances don't put any mandates of
 this kind.
 I do wash my sexual organs with soap in the morning while taking bath and
 will keep on doing it till soap and water are available in life.
 But I want to stress that these fundamentalist methods are wrong.
 They take you towards Kattarwaad.
 Now duggal(barbar one) and his accomplice says they don't drink ( maybe
 they mean they don't drink in daytime.
 ) But their fundamentalist behaviour clearly shows that they do indeed.
 In hindu and sikh families, female might wash their sexual organs after
 urine, but for men it is neither a custom , nor considered a good deed
 if you keep on washing your sexual organ every time you pee.
 Infact it is considered shamefull as per hindu and sikh practices.
 So, clearly a misguided pressuring by those drunkards's side.
 I myself drink 18 times in life, but that doesn't mean I lose the sense
 of right and wrong, while agar zyada hi nashe mein aaoge to aisa utpatang
 bologe.
 Maybe these people drink 1800 or 1800000 or more times , even the number
 18 can be something else in their case.
 And then the big jumla of which even the bartenders are also supportive.
 We don't drink in day, we drink in night.
 Bhai din mein piyo ya raat mein, peete to ho.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
(b) to assemble peaceably and without arms;
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
(c) to form associations or unions;
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
(d) to move freely throughout the territory of India;
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
(e) to reside and settle in any part of the territory of India;
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
20.
 (1) No person shall be convicted of any offence except for violation of
 a law in force at the time of the commission of the Act charged as an offence,
 nor be subjected to a penalty greater than that which might have been inflicted
 under the law in force at the time of the commission of the offence.
 (2) No person shall be prosecuted and punished for the same offence more
 than once.
 (3) No person accused of any offence shall be compelled to be a witness
 against himself.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
21.
 No person shall be deprived of his life or personal liberty except according
 to procedure established by law.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
22.
 (1) No person who is arrested shall be detained in custody without being
 informed, as soon as may be, of the grounds for such arrest nor shall he
 be denied the right to consult, and to be defended by, a legal practitioner
 of his choice.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
(2) Every person who is arrested and detained in custody shall be produced
 before the nearest magistrate within a period of twenty-four hours of such
 arrest excluding the time necessary for the journey from the place of arrest
 to the court of the magistrate and no such person shall be detained in
 custody beyond the said period without the authority of a magistrate.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
23.
 (1) Traffic in human beings and begar and other similar forms of forced
 labour are prohibited and any contravention of this provision shall be
 an offence punishable in accordance with law.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
(2) Nothing in this article shall prevent the State from imposing compulsory
 service for public purposes, and in imposing such service the State shall
 not make any discrimination on grounds only of religion, race, caste or
 class or any of them.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
24.
 No child below the age of fourteen years shall be employed to work in any
 factory or mine or engaged in any other hazardous employment.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
